[IMP] inventory: update 2 step routes doc (#8840)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/daily_operations/receipts_delivery_two_steps.rst

   Activating the :guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` setting will also activate the :guilabel:`Storage
   Locations` feature.

> .. image:: receipts_delivery_two_steps/receipts-delivery-two-steps-settings.png

Reviewer: Not against it...just don't see the change here other than adding 10kb.

Author: The old screenshot was in a 15.0 db, and was replaced with a screenshot from a 17.2 database. It does look similar, but there are very small differences - the text is slightly thinner and less bold

   the warehouse from the drop-down selection that includes the `Receipts` label at the end of the
   name.

After confirming the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`, a :guilabel:`Receipt` smart button appears at the
top of the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` form. Click it to reveal the new receipt (WH/IN) operation.

.. image:: receipts_delivery_two_steps/receipts-delivery-two-steps-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: After confirming a purchase order, a Receipt smart button will appear.

Process the receipt
-------------------

Once the purchase order is confirmed, a receipt is generated and ready to process.

Navigate to the :menuselection:`Inventory app`, and locate the :guilabel:`Receipts` task card on the
:guilabel:`Inventory Overview` dashboard. This reveals a list of all receipts to process.

Click on the :guilabel:`Receipt` associated with the purchase order, then click :guilabel:`Validate`
to complete the receipt and move the product to :guilabel:`WH/Input`.

> .. image:: receipts_delivery_two_steps/receipts-delivery-two-steps-receipt-form.png

Reviewer: Too zoomed in, would include the larger form/UI

Author: Replaced with new, zoomed-out screenshot that showcases navigational UI and shows key areas. Suggestion implemented ✅

   :align: center
   :alt: Receipt form for product move to WH/Input.

Process the internal transfer
-----------------------------

Once the receipt is validated, an internal transfer is created and ready to process.

Click back to the :guilabel:`Inventory Overview` in the breadcrumbs, and locate the
:guilabel:`Internal Transfers` task card.

Click the :guilabel:`# To Process` button to reveal a list of all internal transfers to process, and
select the transfer associated with the previously validated receipt.

Click :guilabel:`Validate` to complete the transfer and move the product from :guilabel:`WH/Input`
to :guilabel:`WH/Stock`.

Once the transfer is validated, the product enters inventory and is available for customer
deliveries or manufacturing orders.

> .. image:: receipts_delivery_two_steps/receipts-delivery-two-steps-internal-transfer.png

Reviewer: Too zoomed in, would include the larger form/UI

   name.

> After confirming the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`, a :guilabel:`Receipt` smart button will appear in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After confirming the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`, a :guilabel:`Receipt` smart button appears at
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

the top of the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` form. Click it to reveal the new receipt (WH/IN)
operation.

.. image:: receipts_delivery_two_steps/receipts-delivery-two-steps-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: After confirming a purchase order, a Receipt smart button will appear.

Process the receipt
-------------------

Once the purchase order is confirmed, a receipt is generated and ready to process.

Navigate to the :menuselection:`Inventory app`, and locate the :guilabel:`Receipts` task card on the
:guilabel:`Inventory Overview` dashboard. This reveals a list of all receipts to process.

Click on the :guilabel:`Receipt` associated with the purchase order, then click :guilabel:`Validate`

> to complete the receipt and move the product to the :guilabel:`WH/Input`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to complete the receipt and move the product to :guilabel:`WH/Input`.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

.. image:: receipts_delivery_two_steps/receipts-delivery-two-steps-receipt-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Receipt form for product move to WH/Input.

Process the internal transfer
-----------------------------

Once the receipt is validated, an internal transfer is created and ready to process.

Click back to the :guilabel:`Inventory Overview` in the breadcrumbs, and locate the
:guilabel:`Internal Transfers` task card.

Click the :guilabel:`# To Process` button to reveal a list of all internal transfers to process, and
select the transfer associated with the previously validated receipt.

Click :guilabel:`Validate` to complete the transfer and move the product from :guilabel:`WH/Input`
to :guilabel:`WH/Stock`.

> Once the transfer is validated, the product enters the stock and is available for customer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the transfer is validated, the product enters inventory and is available for customer
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

the top, above the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` form. Click the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to
reveal the associated receipt.

> .. image:: receipts_delivery_two_steps/receipts-delivery-two-steps-delivery-button.png

Reviewer: Too zoomed in, would include the larger form/UI

Author: Replaced with new, zoomed-out screenshot that showcases navigational UI and shows key areas. Suggestion implemented ✅

   :align: center
   :alt: Delivery smart button on sales order form.

.. tip::
   Sales order receipts can also be found in the :menuselection:`Inventory` application. In the
   :guilabel:`Overview` dashboard, click the :guilabel:`# To Process` smart button in the

>    :guilabel:`Pick` kanban card.

Reviewer 3: Small fix :)
```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Pick` Kanban card.
```

Process the picking
-------------------

Once the sales order is confirmed, a picking order is generated and ready to process.

Navigate to the :menuselection:`Inventory app`, and locate the :guilabel:`Pick` task card on the
:guilabel:`Inventory Overview` dashboard. This reveals a list of all pickings to process.

Click on the picking (WH/PICK) operation associated with the sales order to reveal the picking
order.

Click :guilabel:`Check Availability` on the picking order form. If the product is in stock, Odoo
automatically reserves the product. Quantities can also be manually set by changing the value in the
:guilabel:`Quantity` column to match the value in the :guilabel:`Demand` column.

Once ready, click :guilabel:`Validate` to complete the picking and move the product from
:guilabel:`WH/Stock` to :guilabel:`WH/Output.`

> .. image:: receipts_delivery_two_steps/receipts-delivery-two-steps-picking-form.png

Reviewer: Too zoomed in, would include the larger form/UI

Author: Replaced with new, zoomed-out screenshot that showcases navigational UI and shows key areas. Suggestion implemented ✅

   :align: center
   :alt: Picking operation form moving product to WH/Output.

Process the delivery
--------------------

Once the picking has been processed, the delivery order is generated, and can be processed.

Navigate back to the original sales order by going to :menuselection:`Sales app`, and selecting the
associated sales order.

The :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button now indicates there are two transfers. Click the
:guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to reveal each transfer tied to this sales order: the completed
picking, and the new delivery (WH/OUT) operation. Click the delivery operation to open the delivery
order.

Once ready, click :guilabel:`Validate` to complete the delivery.

> .. image:: receipts_delivery_two_steps/receipts-delivery-two-steps-delivery-order.png

Reviewer: Too zoomed in, would include the larger form/UI

Author: Replaced with new, zoomed-out screenshot that showcases navigational UI and shows key areas. Suggestion implemented ✅

Navigate to the :menuselection:`Inventory app`, and locate the :guilabel:`Pick` task card on the
:guilabel:`Inventory Overview` dashboard. This reveals a list of all pickings to process.

Click on the picking (WH/PICK) operation associated with the sales order to reveal the picking
order.

Click :guilabel:`Check Availability` on the picking order form. If the product is in stock, Odoo
automatically reserves the product. Quantities can also be manually set by changing the value in the
:guilabel:`Quantity` column to match the value in the :guilabel:`Demand` column.

Once ready, click :guilabel:`Validate` to complete the picking and move the product from
:guilabel:`WH/Stock` to :guilabel:`WH/Output.`

.. image:: receipts_delivery_two_steps/receipts-delivery-two-steps-picking-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Picking operation form moving product to WH/Output.

Process the delivery
--------------------

Once the picking has been processed, the delivery order is generated, and can be processed.

Navigate back to the original sales order by going to :menuselection:`Sales app`, and selecting the
associated sales order.

> The :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button now indicates there are 2 transfers. Click the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button now indicates there are two transfers. Click the
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅
